STAR WARS
"THE CLONE WARS"
*STAR WARS THE CLONE WARS*
Season 07  Episode 12
Aired on:
May 04. 2020
Episode Title:
"Victory and Death"
Sync corrections by srjanapala
How are we gonna
get out of here?
I have an idea.
Which is?
Just set those things
to stun.
We're not trying
to kill anyone.
Yeah. well.
tell that to them.
They're almost through.
Wait.
Now!
R7.
find us a path out of here.
All right.
Now what?
The escape pods
have been destroyed.
Taking a shuttle
is our best bet.
Exhales deeply
The boys are having
a rough time of it.
Did you hear
Maul also escaped?
He didn't escape.
I let him out.
What? Why?
Diversion.
Come on!
That's one word
for it.
Target number
one's escaped the medical bay.
We're in pursuit.
What is the status of CT-7567?
Commander Rex
is still missing in action. sir.
Did he aid
in Tano's escape?
Unknown
at present.
Target number two
is in the hyperdrive room!
Sir. the hyperdrive generators
are failing!
Disengage!
It's too late!
Oh. I don't like
the sound of that.
Hangar bay
doors are sealed.
They've got
everything locked down.
If they weren't trying to kill us.
I'd be proud.
R7. start unlocking the doors
on bay 12.
Cheep. prep the shuttle.
G-G. find out
what happened to the ship.
- Watch it!
- Look out!
Control failed to report in.
We think
they'll make their move
to escape via
the main hangar.
Affirmative. I want
squads marshaled at position 2-5 and 2-7.
Wait for my signal
before proceeding.
Copy that.
Lieutenant.
What do you mean
the hyperdrive is off-line?
Destroyed?
It's completely gone?
We're caught
in that moon's gravitational field.
R7.
open the main hangar doors.
We need
to get out of here.
Any luck
with those doors?
And the shuttle?
There it is.
- Go!
- I can see them there!
Go. go. go!
They were waiting
for us.
Hold your position.
men.
If they try to leave.
they'll have to go through us.
So what do we do?
Fight our way
to the shuttle?
They're too many.
Besides.
I don't wanna hurt them.
I hate to tell you this.
but they don't care.
This ship is going down.
and those soldiers. my brothers.
are willing to die
and take you and me
along with them.
You're a good soldier.
Rex.
So is every one of those men
down there.
They may be willing
to die.
but I am not the one
who is going to kill them.
So. we're just gonna
surrender?
Admit defeat?
Is that it?
No.
Well. I don't see
any other option.
I have an idea.
Don't worry.
It's a good one...
...I think.
Can I count on
the three of you?
Good.
I'll explain on the way.
Sir. we think
Maul might be headed your way. Be aware.
Hold your fire!
Hang on.
We have Tano and the commander.
Send all remaining troops
to my position.
I said hold your fire.
Jesse.
I have the situation
under control.
You have your order.
sir.
Now execute it
or I will!
The order was
to execute the Jedi
for treason against
the Republic.
The problem is.
Ahsoka Tano is no longer a Jedi.
Hasn't been
for some time.
Sir.
you said yourself
we're under special order
from Darth Sidious
to eliminate
Ahsoka Tano
and any other clone
who disobeys Order 66.
Just keep him talking.
a little bit longer.
Jesse. Jesse.
listen to me.
We've known each other
a long time.
If we don't get this right..
We will be the ones
committing treason. not her
Commander Rex.
you're in violation
of Order 66.
I accuse you
of treason
against the Grand
Army of the Republic.
You'll be demoted
in rank from commander
and subject to
execution
along with the traitor
Ahsoka Tano.
Ready?
Yeah. I didn't much like
being a commander anyway.
Company. ready.
Aim!
Now!
Rex. the ship.
You wanted
this chaos.
Move it. Move it.
Get these lifts activated.
Get us up there.
Our panel's locked out.
Fire on those droids.
The shuttle.
Incoming.
Surround them!
Can't hold them off.
Too many of them.
Blast them.
Hey.
Blast those
dirty droids.
Nothing. Nothing.
Nothing.
Everything down here
is under maintenance.
There!
Get me over there.
We've entered the atmosphere.
Fire retro-rockets.
We've lost lateral control.
We're gonna break apart...
Look out!
Come on.
Sync corrections by srjanapala